Add post summarising recent updates to projects in support of the refreshed GOV.UK brand (#166)
x-govuk/x-govuk.github.io: app/posts/now-available-in-blue.md

These inconsistencies have been resolved, alongside the ability to include the day of the week in formatted dates and format a person’s age according to the [NHS.UK content guide](https://service-manual.nhs.uk/content/inclusive-content/age).

## GOV.UK Components and Form Builder for Ruby on Rails

[Peter Yates](https://github.com/peteryates) continues his diligent stewardship of the Ruby Gems that provide [components for use with Rails’ ViewComponent framework](https://govuk-components.netlify.app/) and [form components for Rails’ `FormBuilder`](https://govuk-form-builder.netlify.app/).

Updates to both gems in support of the rebrand will be released on 25 June.

## GOV.UK Frontend Statistics

[Frankie Roberto](https://github.com/frankieroberto)’s project attempts to track [adoption of the latest releases to GOV.UK Frontend](https://x-govuk.github.io/govuk-services-frontend-stats/).

Originally created to track adoption of a release that introduced the Tudor crown, the report has been updated to show which services are ready to support the rebrand.

> The report isn’t exhaustive (it’s not possible to detect uses of `govuk-frontend` in mono repos or in private repos), but it serves as a good sense check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The report isn’t exhaustive (it’s not possible to detect uses of `govuk-frontend` in some types of repository or in closed source projects), but it serves as a good sense check.
```

Author: Good suggestion that 😉 (Made the change in one place, but not the place it mattered!)
